Now it's time to reset our passwords.
So I open the mail hook here.
So we are listening from emails from the back end and the first change that we will do is to wait here
and link to point to the forgot component.
So let's go to the login and here I will add a div with a class of margin bottom three margin top three.
And the link will be a router link to forgot and the here old safe forgot password.
Question mark.
And that should be it.
So I guess it should be merging both on three.
So that is the case.
So we added the link, but we need to add also the component.
Now let's create another view component.
Forgot.
And this component will be similar to the log in.
Old copy the template here.
I'll go to the forgot and I'll change this to submit.
Please insert.
Your passport, your email three here and this will be just an email field and all four will remove
this forgot password link.
And let's add the now the variables.
Let's all set up here.
And we will create only an email here which I will use it with the ref function.
So we need to import ref from view and we have to return the email and we do don't need the data now
we can simply use the email.
Then we need to add the submit function.
So let's add the submit function.
Let's return it here.
And we will use it here and that's it.
So let's add the console.log here so it doesn't throw in there.
And let's see the forgot component we need to audit also in the router.
So this is forgot and the component is.
Forgot.
Like this.
We are everything.
Now let's click this button and we will go to this page where we require just an email address.
Let's add the class here.
Well, I would love it here.
Margin top three.
So now it looks better.
Now let's send this email to the backend.
So we need to import access.
Let's make this asynchronous.
And here we will await actuals both for let's import also access.
Two forgot, and the data that we will send is the email.
But as we said, the ref here which I forgot to initialize it with empty or needs to be emailed that
value.
So that's it.
This is the request and let's try it out now.
So I'll send an email to be it B dot com.
Let's submit.
And if we see mail hook here, we can see that we successfully got an email.
So we will use this email later on the next tutorial to reset our password.
But still we need to make a change here because we have to get notified or something when we submit
here because we are not sure if we got the email or not.
For that we need to add here first.
So create another variable.
I'll call it notify.
And this notify variable is equal to reactive because it will contain multiple variables inside.
So the first value is class.
So I'll put health.
In the second value is message.
So how will we use this variable?
So when we submit here, all are up this with the three catch.
And in case it is successful, we will set to notify that Glass is equal to success and notify that
the message is equal.
Email was sent.
If I forgot equal here.
And in case we get an error, notify that cloth is equal to danger.
And the notify that message is equal to email.
Does.
Not exists.
And that's it.
Let's return the notify here variable and we will use it here on top.
So after the main div, I will add another div here with a vif.
So if not, if that class is set, then we will set the class like this.
So if we pass the column in front, it means that we can use variables.
So I will use here a string like this and the class will be alert and alert minus the notify that class
like these.
So as you can see, we are constructing our self.
The class and the role will be, uh, alert here.
And that's it.
In the end, we will set the notify message here.
And with this, we will notify every time we submit.
So let's test it.
I'll put the same email now.
And as you can see, we are notified that the email was sent and as we can see, we got another email
here and in case A will stop, no mail hook in case an error happens.
If we submit, we probably there should not be email does not exist but the error occurred but the the
idea is this that we are notifying every time we have an error or a success message.
So in the next tutorial, let's actually reset the password.